Add and Multiply operations for Resource objects (#6567)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Shortened the string representation for the `qml.S`, `qml.T`, and `qml.SX` operators.
  [(#6542)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6542)

> * Added functions to add and multiple Resources objects
>   [(#6567)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6567)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added functions, dunder methods, to add and multiply Resources objects
  [(#6567)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6567)
```
